# omploader

Omploader - JavaScript client for omploader
### Take control of your data with Omploader.  **Omploader** is a privacy-first file hosting service that does not compromise on **security, privacy, or speed**. With Omploader, you pay upfront using Bitcoin, and your file is automatically distributed across a global CDN. You decide how much you want to pay based on usage, and you can refresh at any time.  Data is stored using super secure encryption methods (AES-128 on the server, Salsa20 on the client). Furthermore, Omploader does not retain any logs, identifying information, or private keys for file data to respect your privacy.  ### About the API  The Omploader API is available for public use, and operates under an upfront payment model. Generally speaking, there are no limitations on use, however we retain the right to remove content which may be in violation of the underlying host policies.  All API endpoints are rate limited and clients may be throttled as needed. The API returns status code 429 in the event of too many requests. 
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 2.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install omploader --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your omploader from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('omploader')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var Omploader = require('omploader');

var api = new Omploader.DefaultApi()

var id = "id_example"; // {String} ID of file to fetch


var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.getEncryptedFile(id, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.ompldr.org/v2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**getEncryptedFile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getEncryptedFile) | **GET** /get/{id} | Get encrypted file data
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**getFile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getFile) | **GET** /get/{id}/{privateKey} | Get file
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**getInfo**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getInfo) | **GET** /info/{id} | Get file info
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**getQuote**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getQuote) | **POST** /quote | Get price quote
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**pingGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#pingGet) | **GET** /ping | Health check
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**refreshFile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#refreshFile) | **PUT** /refresh/{id} | Refresh file
*Omploader.DefaultApi* | [**uploadFile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#uploadFile) | **POST** /upload | Upload file


## Documentation for Models

 - [Omploader.FileInfo](docs/FileInfo.md)
 - [Omploader.Invoice](docs/Invoice.md)
 - [Omploader.Quote](docs/Quote.md)
 - [Omploader.QuoteRequest](docs/QuoteRequest.md)
 - [Omploader.RefreshRequest](docs/RefreshRequest.md)
 - [Omploader.Response](docs/Response.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

